well hi there internet people it's beau
again
um we'll start off tonight with a story
you know back when i was in college yeah
hillbilly went to college i was at a bar
called eight seconds
come walking out of the bathroom and i
hear this voice vaguely recognized i
look over
and that's this girl i know kinda um
she's friends with my roommate like we
know each other but don't have each
other's phone number type of thing
and i hear her saying you know no i'm
not interested i'm just waiting for my
friends
and there's this guy leaned over got her
kind of hemmed up in the corner
uh so i slow down take a sip of my beer
and lean up against this railing
and i'm looking and she tells him a
couple more times to kind of back off
and uh i see it's him and then he's got
his two buddies right next to him at the
bar
but i do have that beer bottle
so you know what i did threw that beer
bottle in the trash i'm not stupid i'm
not gonna fight three guys
throw the beer bottle in the trash walk
over there
don't have my drink yet
you can see the look of relief on her
face
i turned to him to shake his hand and
he's like oh
nice to meet you who are you and then i
say i'm her brother
at the same time she says he's my
boyfriend
and he's supposed to look on his face
and i'm like we from west virginia
and uh he kind of laughs and turns
around and walks off
wonder why i mean he's being real pushy
up till then
it's interesting i mean you know i know
i'm john wayne's son and can fight you
know a dozen guys at one time
but he don't know that i mean i'm not
not a little guy but i'm not a big guy
either
it wasn't that he wasn't intimidated as
much as i'd like to pretend there was a
reason
real reason is that he respected my
property rights over her
more than he respected her as a person
it's really what it boiled down to
so why not tell you that story
because it's very relevant today
watching the comment section about the
kavanagh here
and uh realize about the only way
anybody's getting through to one of
these guys is saying that this is just
all a lie and these women are liars is
by saying what if this was your
sister your daughter your cousin
whatever it's that same thing that
property relationship so i'm gonna do it
a different way what if it's your friend
and we're gonna do some math stick with
me on this
we're gonna take whatever number of
friends you have you do the same math
i'm doing
okay we're gonna say you got 500 friends
divided by two because odds are it's 50
50 men and women
get rid of that half so you got 250 left
getting rid of the men
now what if i tell you one out of 10
women have been sexually assaulted
means 25 women on your friend's list
have been sexually assaulted did you
know that do you know all of them like
they kind of keep it quiet
25 that's a scary number one out of 10.
scary it's even scarier
because the real number is one out of
five so double whatever
number you came up with and that's the
real number it's 50
got 500 friends so that's 50 women
that's all your comments
why don't they come forward
you if you made those kind of comments
knowing nothing about what happened
you're the reason they don't come
forward if you made those kind of
comments
man can you imagine that
seeing your friend somebody you
considered a friend
probably altered those relationships
forever
they're never going to look at you the
same way
that's why they don't come forward
uh you know it's interesting because we
just had that catholic priest case
all those boys now men 35 years later
coming forward nobody asked them why
they took so long to come forward
well that's cause men aren't emotional
right they aren't as prone to making
stuff
up aren't emotional you believe that you
obviously didn't watch
kavanagh hearing i've never seen a man
go from crying to screaming to crying
that fast in my entire life
he's an emotional rat probably not fit
to be a judge you need to have a level
head to do that
and by emotion i mean really you know
i've never seen my wife behave like that
she's been pregnant a lot
hormones going crazy she never did
anything like that
but you know why didn't they come
forward
or why did they come forward now
like they're just out to ruin this man's
career
it's interesting if you were sexually
assaulted i imagine
you'd want to know a little bit about it
probably learn a bit about it read about
it
first thing you're going to find out
sexual assault it's not normally about
sex
it's about power and control
man so if you see somebody
that took that power and control away
from you stripped it from you
and realize they're about to be able to
exercise power and control over 150
million other women
via the supreme court
man that seems like a powerful motivator
to come forward doesn't it and then once
the first one came forward
just like in that catholic priest case
another one came forward
then another one because they're not out
there alone
basing your comments
facing those comments
it's crazy it is crazy
so the key takeaway from this
because i know it's not going to do
anything with with this particular
incident
because you're too entrenched you know
you've already said too much you can't
take it back
and you don't want to look like you're
wrong
so you stick with it you're going can
keep saying they're liars i understand
that
too much pride got it
you might not want to do it again
because you're altering real-life
relationships over bumper sticker
politics
by proclaiming you know what happened
when you don't
and by being the very reason
they don't come forward
so do the math
and then think about it how many of them
do you know
how many have talked about it with you i
don't think any of them will now
because they're not gonna trust you you
already ruined that
anyway y'all have a good night just
something to think about